no it's the hair fall so you attended
the Met Gala and apparently there was an
odd moment with the paparazzi yeah yeah
no one was taking my picture and Wow
okay and no one was taking it was like
pictures pictures pictures and pictures
of this was like I was wearing something
nice
it's I turned around and all of a sudden
I saw Madonna was standing there and
then everyone's taking a great picture
but someone happened to snap my picture
when I first saw her and that was
unattractive Madonna that was like the
only saving grace this is the moment
Sarah Paulson noticed it was Madonna
cider on the red carpet
[Applause]
[Music]
you